Solutions have a number of tools that you'll find very useful.
The tool that I'm going to look at here is the key of SLOC server.
This is a light weight slug server for launch and network and more options.
You probably want to look at network performance monitor which I'll show you in a moment.
You can download a free trial of the QB says log server.
It has a lot of great features including centrally managed SSAS log and SMB traps.
You can receive real time alerts based on Sisler messages automatically respond to log messages store
and archive your logs.
Schedule the generation of this log reports via e-mail and monitor and manage your logs from a web console.
This is going to be a lot easier than trying to do it using the console of a Cisco router or even the
buffer of a Cisco router.
I'll put a link to the software below this video to learn how to use it looks over.
Download a free trial and then you can get it running with Jeana's 3 as an example.
In this example I have a Windows 7 PC that I'm going to install the QB so it looks over on under the
settings of the server I have configured the network adapter to use my local host only.
That's because I want to connect to G and his three ingenius three under Edit Preferences.
In this example I'm using VM way on the VM way of VM where it Vians all selected new and I'm going to
select the tools VM and click Edit and under network I'm going to allow gymnast's 3 to use any configured
VM way adapter.
Click OK
under my devices.
Now I have this tools when seven PC which I'll add to the topology I'll connect to.
In the example to write a one on Fuster Ethan at one slash Zira to the Ethan at Port of that PC which
I'll now start up Jena's three automatically starts up the VM in VM workstation.
If you're using Virtual Box it would start it up in a virtual box.
So my VM is booting up.
There it is.
I'm going to go to settings go to Options shared folders and I'm going to enable a shared folder to
my downloads directory on my local Windows machine.
If you don't want to watch the full process skip ahead to the next video to watch the actual integration
between Cisco and QB log.
Or if you want to see the installation process continue watching the video.
Here's my genius 3 downloads directory.
I'm going to open up a QB so SLOC file in this case I'm going to copy the Curiosus looks over to my
desktop unzipped
and then I'm going to run the executable file.
Say yes to install the software.
You should read to the terms and conditions and if you want to continue click I agree you can install
it as a service or install it as an application.
Installing it as a service means you don't have to log into Windows to start the service.
It also allows you to manage the interface through a Gibbie.
So I'm going to go with that with a local system account.
You can install a web interface on going to enable that click next.
And basically just follow the prompts to install the software on my Windows VM which is now connected
to my Jeana's 3 environment.
In this case dot net is required.
So dot net is being installed
and my server installation can begin.
Now if I want to install the web server I need to install some perquisites.
I'm going to click Finish in this example just to get the installation completed so that I can demonstrate
the capturing of slug messages from the Cisco Rodders to the kibbutzes looks of.
Here's the main installation.
And I'm just going to choose all the options including starting the local web server.
I'll set a very secure password of Cisco in this example.
And click Install now the installation would be a lot simpler if I didn't install all the options in
this example or want to install multiple options including a web interface so the installation process
is slightly longer.
In this case I have to reboot.
I'm going to reboot the server.